[DOCS-10875] update SNMP walk integration (#2692)
DataDog/integrations-extras: snmpwalk/README.md

## Overview

This integration provides insight into SNMP walk states in real time to:

- Visualize and monitor SNMP walk states.
- Be notified about SNMP walk failovers.

## Setup

The SNMP walk check is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you need to install it.

> You can also use the [snmpwalk][11] command as an alternative to this integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the [`snmp walk`][11] command as an alternative to this integration:
```
I followed the link and it looked like the use of this command was for a fairly different use case. I'm not super familiar with it, so I'll defer to you - just want to make sure that the link will help users understand what's happening rather than confuse them about what they're trying to accomplish when they're trying to decide whether they want to use the integration or the command.

Author: Yeah makes sense, I reviewed this with the Agent Integrations team and this particular integration is ~ 7 yrs old and not really maintained anymore, but we don't want to remove it completely so wanted users to know they can use the Agent command as well or in replace of this.

## Validation

> [Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][9] and look for `snmpwalk` under the Checks section. 

Reviewer: Just want to double check if `snmpwalk` should be one word here, since I noticed that it's two words in some code samples?

Author: This section was written ~7 years ago but I checked some sample outputs from the agent status command and it does look like this:
```
## Output snmpwalk
# snmpwalk -v2c -c <COMMUNITY NAME> <HOSTNAME> IF-MIB::ifType
IF-MIB::ifType.80 = INTEGER: ethernetCsmacd(6)
IF-MIB::ifType.416 = INTEGER: ethernetCsmacd(6)
```
So I think we are ok with this section! Thanks for calling it out though :)
